as
ap
city
coast
hello how they are in works they own in technology and cell phones and after the break
in the presentation of a text demands all buy leather
and not being here
nike is the advantage they have is that on Thursday place out some money
credit cards festejé presentation is perfect for the iphone
4 has rafa mora parra the civil chamber clac the directors of step by step
whatever it is already without your help
we have incorporated
mistakes
percent do not buy it balance
around here is perfect this setting you have the camera
Slim has the toledo
moments before committing the key
i would say that the team
percent is a little difficult love between you use
the middle button
0 in any case it worked
insists on gaza the perfect formula for the past and how
the front camera
diego and used credit card placers or short of January
and in the end it closed without any problem you have access
to the
movies also to sing for tusquets points
and is thirsty
perfect access to stop and sell cell
nothing perfect barc access what the orihuela writes microphone
unemployed a microphone and the speaker
he never has but a problem he commented
i like the skin color
put practically
i
muti
because whoever this case no longer uses I would be told if I go out and scored
that will go insular or sanz placed a single package
and on the street as they wish when they used this little case of
leather
because it is much more and a coupon of the situation and got
and the hood to dissolve as well as money in credit cards
well this is my guide go say that out of respect for this leather case what
I got it
end ii